I went to Butlins and I met up with somebody.
I had to sing a contest anyway, but we just drifted for different reasons.
And do we, Ron, stay together?
Peter Jones, who was with us then playing guitar, beat guitar, he was with him,
and they formed what they called the Westerners, and they persuaded Terry to come and join the sing.
But they called themselves then Edwards and the Arcadians.
They started off with Terry Edwards, whatever singer.
And they then continued ultimately being the Westerners over the years.
But Terry, a great singer, and he split with them and went up to London.
And Ron took over the vocals.
And I got an LP of them, a CD of them, and I thought to myself,
no, it's not something I won't buy, or I want a super-rigged one.
It's pleasant voice, but not really personality.
Very different to Skiffle, I would imagine.
And the charisma came along, you know, really. And that's how we split.